Daily notes:

8 Jan 2023:
Installed all on new machine.. All good.. 
Deployed func to cloud.
.Just hello working on cloud. Issue with communicating with the SQL server on cloud. So planing to put it on the VM with firebase emulator.
Solved the search also in mysql.. Put the searchstring in the fine func.. DOnt have it in requst if you want all requests.. But if you want specific strings, just give the string.. String patterm is in the info.. But something like this.. "searchstring" : "_id like '%00063b96cdc00000000000000%' && name like 'Cou%'" - Working perfectly fine.


4 Jan 2023:
Sortis workingnow.
Solved all CRUD used cases.. Some troble with the  find as it is not taking the search string.. That needs to be sorted later as a reequirement.
A good point to take a restart.
Moving to shuffle the files in a single folder for each API. Done.
Sample code for CRUD is here.. https://github.com/atharvadeosthale/rest-api-mysql-article

3 Jan 2023:
Tried to cople the best practice and my code. It is working fo read and write.. Also after changing skip to offsete, even that is working. Trynig to sort out the complete CRUD.
Once that is done, and one API is completed finished, I will move to the next API, with the reusable model. I will try  to use the resusable plcaes from a common folder, and move the specific API ones into each folder.
Good docmntation for mysql collection and devx. 
https://dev.mysql.com/doc/x-devapi-userguide/en/crud-ebnf-collection-crud-functions.html#crud-ebnf-collectionfindfunction
Good amoutn fo work is going in the mysql work.


2 jan 2023:
I have now solved the problems with the VM. Both the get and put works.. But a big task ahead is to be srcutre the folder. Which will probably make my ealrier code useless as there is a lto of code that may go in it from the best practice code.
Index is presently borken from the api, starting copling index to the best practice code. I will put my API code in the best practice code.



30 Dec 2022:
Error while storing data from params.. Trying to solve.
Later may be make a CRUD tetmplate



29 Dec 2022:

Solved the mysql query problem from a spearte file. It is working now.. Just add await and async in source index and desntation fnction.
Next I need to build the API for post,  get with id, and delete course.
Next it will be for all the apis.


26 Dec 2022
Good article to work with collections in mysql.
https://dev.mysql.com/doc/dev/connector-nodejs/8.0/tutorial-Working_with_Collections.html
Moved to mysql local instance.. And then used  env variable for setting the ip address. And it is working.
12:57: Desgning the db scehma now so that i can plan the apis after that. Let medesign the APIs andthen DB.
Server side DBSchema is first cut done. I will wrk on the user side schema later.
Tried to use objects to store value and then json strinigy.. But it is not working.. Seems that is not a widely used way.









25 Dec 2022
Switched to mysql document db.. Working witb collections etc.. Seeing how to save and read data from collection. It is not working and throwing an error as of now..
Need t o solve it.
Catchng back.. I mvoed away from Firestore to mysql. Rest firebase auth, firebase clod function remains same. Not using the GCP clod function.

tats it


24 Dec 2022
Fire store seems tooo comlicated to searching text.. It cannot even search the sb string.. WHich will be very imporntant.. So I may have to look for an alternate solition.. Say like mySQL.
But then the question comes.. If the cloud fucntion is also even wroth.. it is also supposed to use node and express.. I can use a Vm today and do the development in a much simpler way. May be thats where, talib headed.. 
So it would be like Python backend. Flutter fron end. 
Firebasee authentication.. I wnted to check ifthere is an alternateive to firebase auth also.. But then it will be too far like Passport.js or authlib, etc.. It may be too risky for authentication like critical service.. So let me stick iwth firebase for now for auth. It will hellp withflutter being front end also. it can integrate well with firebase.
Next step: look for DB alnternative.. firebase is nnot useful.









20 Dec 2022:
Created two functions in differnt files. 
Created local env variables, 
Local  simulation working.
Deploy to Firebase is working.
Both local and cloud deployment tested in browser.







